Business
	Businesses fail unless they solve real problems or unless they satisfy a particular need or want.
Do you have a Value Proposition?
	1) What value we deliver to our costumer segments?
	2) What problem are we solving to our customers?
	3) What customer needs or wants are we satisfying?
Types of value proposition
	Newness
	Performance
	Convenience
	Design
	Branding
	Price
	More...
Value Proposition
	Value proposition is a product or service through which we offer value to our customer. We create this value by solving a problem for the customer or by satisfying a need or a want. Our value proposition can be a mix of different elements, including newness, performance, convenience, design, and so on.
Customer Segments
	Customer segments are the different groups of customers who we deliver our value proposition to. There are different types of customer segments and we need to customize our value propositions dependning on who we're selling to.
What is your Customer Segments?
	Who are the different kinds of people that could need our product or service?
	What context will they be using our service in?
	In this context, say it's their job role, what are the pain points? What problems need to be solved?
	What current methods do they use to solve those problems?
	What is their usual decision making process? Who influences them?
TIP
	Start by capturing demographic information. You can use things like Google Trends and Google Insights and ads to narrow this down. Once you know who your segments are, get out and meet them. Interview them and understand what they do and how they behave. Continue to update your archetypes as you gain more information about them. Using the highlights from your archetypes, you can develop customer acquisition strategies and relationship guidelines.
	For example, if one of the insights you gain was that the biggest pain point for a typical customer was that they had a hard time communicating project time lines with their clients, your acquisition messages can be framed around this. If you know which blogs or trade publications they read, you can advertise on those websites or each out to those bloggers.
	Once I have all this information, rather than giving a generic message like, my project management software will make you more efficient. If they're a software developer, I could say things like, my project management software makes agile development a breeze. You can view all your projects in one place, plan products in sprints, and collaborate extremely efficiently. If I tell them exactly how I'm solving their problems, they're more likely to do business with me.
Different types of customer segments. 
	Mass market, where we treat all customers as if they're one segment. 
	Niche market, which is a very specific and specialized group of customers that is a subset of a larger market with similar characteristics. 
	Segmented market, which is a market with multiple customer segments, each with slightly different needs and problems. 
	Diversified market, which is a market with customer segments that are completely unrelated and have very different problems and needs. 
	Multi-sided market, with interdependent customer segments.
Channels
	Our channels are the means through which we deliver our value proposition to our customer segments. In this video we're going to look at the important aspects of channels and the implications for our business.
	Don't try to maximize your sales by hitting every channel. Until you know which channels works best for you, you should pick the channel that represents the greatest potential revenue and focus all of your channel efforts around this.
Channel componets
	Awereness
	Evaluation
	Purchase
	Delivery
	Post Sales
Customer Relationships
	Customer relationships covers all parts of our business model in which we communicate with our customer. In this video, we break all of it down into three distinct stages of communication to focus our messages with our customer base.
	Customer relationships cover any communication we have with our customers throughout our business model.
	These relationships can be broken down into three main groupings.
		Acquisition
		Retention
		Selling
Key Activities
	Activities that are crucial for the success of our business model, as development or marketing.
Key Resources
	Physical
	Financial
	Human
	Intellectual
Key Partners
	Strategic Alliances
	Strategic Partnerships
	Joint Ventures
	Buyer-supplier relationships
TIP
	Advisers help you steer your ship by offering experience and guidance. Most consider advisers so crucial that Steven Blank, an entrepreneur turned coach, teaches that forming an advisory board is an essential part of starting a business.
Types of revenue streams
	Transaction revenue
	Recurring revenue
Pricing categories
	Fixed pricing
		List pricing
		Product feauture dependent
		Customer segment dependent
		Volume dependent
	Dynamic pricing
		Negotiation
		Yield Management
		Real Time Markets
		Auctions
Cost
	Cost driven models
	Value driven models
Industry Analysis
	Is this al well stablished market?
	Is this an existing market with gaps?
	Is this a brand new market?
	How large is this market?
	Who are your competitors?
		What are they doing for their customers?
		What needs are not meet by existing players?
		What are their price points?
		What features are they highlighting?