job hunting

I applied to 291 companies, did 32 phone screens, 16 technical screens, 13 coding challenges, 11 on-sites, and received 8 offers. The offers ranged from $60-125k in salary from companies all over the US, and for both front end and full stack roles. In total, 2.8% of applications became offers.

Insight #1: Get through to real people

	https://github.com/j-delaney/easy-application

	"I submitted an application, I searched for the company on LinkedIn and emailed someone on their engineering or hiring team."

	For most small companies or C-level executives, the email format is usually firstName@dreamCompany.com. For larger companies, it may be firstName.lastName@dreamCompany.com.
	To verify emails, I used Rapportive to cross-check emails with social media accounts.
	The results were amazing. With 150+ emails sent, my response rate was a whopping 22%.
	It also felt great to hear from real people. Surprisingly, CEOs and CTOs responded to me. Sometimes they even interviewed me themselves.

Insight #2: Start small and work your way up

Insight #3: Study like your future job depends on it (because it does)
	data structures and algorithms. A study by Triplebyte has found that bootcamp grads are weaker in these areas than computer science grads.
	I devoted entire days to learning sorting algorithms. Other days, I focused on understanding how the internet worked.

Insight #4: Put your best foot forward
	At Hack Reactor, we’re trained to mask our inexperience. In our personal narratives, we purposely omit our bootcamp education.
	Why? Otherwise, companies automatically categorize us into junior developer roles or tag us as “not enough experience.”
	In one interview with a startup, the interview immediately went south once they realized I’d done a bootcamp. One company used it against me and made me a $60k offer, benchmarking against junior developers.

	Ultimately, you need to convince companies that you can do the job.
	At the same time, you need to convince yourself that you can do the job.
	You can. Focus on your love for programming. Focus on what you’ve built with React and Node. Focus on demonstrating your deep knowledge in JavaScript and any other languages you’ve learned.
	Only then can they justify giving you the job.

	I did on-sites all over the country with any company that invited me out. I asked questions, and sucked up knowledge on engineering team organization, technologies and tools used, company challenges, and system architecture.

	Pro-Tip: During interviews, ask the following questions:
	What are some technical challenges you’ve recently faced?
	What do you enjoy about working at X company?
	How are teams structured and how are tasks usually divided?

Insight #5: It’s a marathon, not a sprint

In summary, the key takeaways are:
	Get through to real people
	Start small and work your way up
	Study like your future job depends on it
	Put your best foot forward
	It’s a marathon, not a sprint

