contact information 
	name
	phone
	email
	address
Skils
	List all relevant tech skills
Project Experience
Work experience
Education


Skills
	Keep your list focus on two factors, how comfortable you are with each skill, and how relevant that skill is to the job you are applying to. (List only skills that match the needs for the company)

	lenguages
		html
		css
		java
		ruby
		python 
	Tools
		spark
		spring
		rails
		git
		console commands
		illustrator
		photoshop
	Knowlegde on 
		scrum
		http
		funtional programing
		unit testing


Project Experience
Writing your experience in a paragraph format, decreases readability, and does not highlight the most important aspects of your project, I would suggest bulletizing your experience. (List only projects that match the needs for the company, recommended 2 to 3)

	name of the app
	descriptive info
	- Skills/technologies used
	- details about the project
	- github link

Using Action Verbs
	Your resume be easy to scan, and the language you use should be powerful and active. Use action verbs that capture what you do and why you do it well in a vivid and colorful way.
	Adapted      Analyzed     Applied      Assembled     Authored     Built
	Calculated   Coded        Computed     Conserved     Constructed  Converted
	Coordinated  Created      Debugged     Designed      Determined   Developed
	Documented   Engaged      Engineered   Established   Executed     Fabricated
	Fortified    Implemented  Increased    Integrated    Interpreted  Installed
	Launched     Led          Maintained   Managed       Mapped       Operated
	Overhauled   Oversaw      Produced     Programmed    Rectified    Refined
	Regulated    Remodeled    Reviewed     Repaired      Replaced     Restored
	Restructured Solved       Specialized  Standardized  Studied      Trained

Work experience
	- Use strong action verbs and bullet points
	- Listed in reverse chronological order
	- only list relevant work experience (transferable skills)
	- the shorter, the better (avoid "fluff")

Accomplishments
	Accomplishments can be added in both the project experience and work experience sections of your resume.
	When describing your accomplishments, it's best to try to quantify your contribution to the team and/or project.
	Example: Collaborated with a team of 5 to improve customer satisfaction by 50%.

	Developed a set of automatic test that Executed the company software and Produced a result of performance.
	learned java

Education
	Employers are generally more interested in work experience than what you study in school. So if you have three plus years of elaborated work experience, place that before your educational experience. However, if you have limited work experience or you are a new graduate, place your educational credentials first.

	where and what you study
	Awards
	Non-traditional education

Optional
	resume objective
	what not to say:
		no dreams, no generic, no long text, not about you, 
	what to say:
		how my skills and experience will benefit the company by hiring me.
		as specific and talored as possible to the needs of the organization.
		learn who the ideal employee is.
		a couple of sentences 
	what position your applying to? 
	what is your relevant experience and skill set?

